Add more robust e2eTestPrompt.md namespace to AssemblyName mapping. Filter prompts that need investigation (#3281)
microsoft/mcp: CONTRIBUTING.md

### End-to-end Tests

> End-to-end tests are performed manually. Command authors must thoroughly test each command to ensure correct tool invocation and results. At least one prompt per tool is required and should be added to [`/servers/Azure.Mcp.Server/docs/e2eTestPrompts.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/mcp/blob/main/servers/Azure.Mcp.Server/docs/e2eTestPrompts.md).

Reviewer: This is the root-level `CONTRIBUTING.md`, mind if we make the verbiage more generic?

```suggestion
End-to-end tests are performed manually. Command authors must thoroughly test each command to ensure correct tool invocation and results. At least one prompt per tool is required and should be added to the server's `/server/<servername>/docs/e2eTestPrompts.md` file.
```
